MC-14863 Update Varnish version number (#5047)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.3/graphql/caching.md

We recommend setting up Varnish as a reverse proxy to serve the full page cache in a production environment. See [Configure and use Varnish]({{page.baseurl}}/config-guide/varnish/config-varnish.html) for more information.

> Magento 2.3.2 updates the `vcl_hash` subroutine in the template `varnish.vcl` file and creates the `process_graphql_headers` subroutine for both Varnish 4.x and 5.x. Magento 2.3.3 supports Varnish 6.2. To enable GraphQL caching, either generate a new template file, or edit the `default.vcl` file on your system to match the current default template.

Reviewer: T
```suggestion
As of Magento 2.3.2, Magento supports GraphQL caching with Varnish. If you are upgrading from a previous version, you can enable GraphQL caching by generating a new template file, or by editing the `default.vcl` file on your system to match the current default template for your version of Varnish.
```

> Magento 2.3.2 updates the `vcl_hash` subroutine in the template `varnish.vcl` file and creates the `process_graphql_headers` subroutine for both Varnish 4.x and 5.x. Magento 2.3.3 supports Varnish 6.2. To enable GraphQL caching, either generate a new template file, or edit the `default.vcl` file on your system to match the current default template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of Magento 2.3.2, Magento supports GraphQL caching with Varnish. If you are upgrading from a previous version, you can enable GraphQL caching by generating a new template file, or by editing the `default.vcl` file on your system to match the current default template for your version of Varnish.
```

> Magento 2.3.2 updates the `vcl_hash` subroutine in the template `varnish.vcl` file and creates the `process_graphql_headers` subroutine for both Varnish 4.x and 5.x. (Magento 2.3.3 supports Varnish 6.2). To enable GraphQL caching, either generate a new template file, or edit the `default.vcl` file on your system to match the current default template.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Magento 2.3.2 updates the `vcl_hash` subroutine in the template `varnish.vcl` file and creates the `process_graphql_headers` subroutine for both Varnish 4.x and 5.x. Magento 2.3.3 supports Varnish 6.2. To enable GraphQL caching, either generate a new template file, or edit the `default.vcl` file on your system to match the current default template.
```
